peizhaoo@dw-2:~/test/model-checker-priv/model-checker-priv$ time ./run.sh
benchmarks/linuxrwlocks/testcase1 -m2 -y -u3 -tSCFENCE -o weaken &> /scratch/a

real	1m58.120s
user	1m56.110s
sys	0m1.909s

Result 0:
wildcard 3 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 4 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 5 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 6 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 7 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 8 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 9 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 10 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 13 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 14 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 15 -> memory_order_release
wildcard 16 -> memory_order_release

Result 1:
wildcard 3 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 4 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 5 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 6 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 7 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 8 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 9 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 10 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 13 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 14 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 15 -> memory_order_release
wildcard 16 -> memory_order_release
