Result 0:
wildcard 1 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 2 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 3 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 4 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 5 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 6 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 7 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 8 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 9 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 10 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 11 -> memory_order_release
wildcard 12 -> memory_order_relaxed

Result 1:
wildcard 1 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 2 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 3 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 4 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 5 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 6 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 7 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 8 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 9 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 10 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 11 -> memory_order_release
wildcard 12 -> memory_order_relaxed

Result 2:
wildcard 1 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 2 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 3 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 4 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 5 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 6 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 7 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 8 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 9 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 10 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 11 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 12 -> memory_order_release

Result 3:
wildcard 1 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 2 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 3 -> memory_order_acquire
wildcard 4 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 5 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 6 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 7 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 8 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 9 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 10 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 11 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 12 -> memory_order_release

Result 4:
wildcard 1 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 2 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 3 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 4 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 5 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 6 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 7 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 8 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 9 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 10 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 11 -> memory_order_release
wildcard 12 -> memory_order_relaxed

Result 5:
wildcard 1 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 2 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 3 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 4 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 5 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 6 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 7 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 8 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 9 -> memory_order_seq_cst
wildcard 10 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 11 -> memory_order_relaxed
wildcard 12 -> memory_order_release
